[Music]
oh I really like right now I'm drinking
a lot of kefir the one pregnancy craving
I have is just actually a glass of milk
which is so weird because I've had a
glass of milk in like probably 20 years
but lately I've been having a glass of
milk just cows milk
usually I wake up and it's a struggle so
I actually have these things like you by
the bed called go cubes that are like
castmate cubes and I make this thing
called butter toast which is where I
melt like a stick of butter on a plate
and then I like put toast in another
turn the toast over it it's like so the
toast is completely saturated in butter
I actually hate fruit but I am supposed
to eat it right now I basically hate
everything besides carbs so this pump
that like I actually dislike vegetables
pointedly but so I was amazing spaghetti
for like a year or two years I only ate
spaghetti and then I was just like so
sick and my hair actually stops growing
and watch the doctor and the doctor was
like you actually are malnourished from
not eating vegetables or meat whatever
my stocking on oh I'm supposed to eat um
it's vile but pure I forget what I'm
supposed to eat it but the cottage
cheese eating a lot of cottage cheese
it's a there's some nutrient I'm
supposed to get from it
I love hot dogs because they don't kill
cows for hot dogs so it's like you can
eat hot dogs without guilts if you need
meat and your but you still have vegan
tendencies or like you know you want to
try to like avoid creating demand for
stuff because it's just all the ways to
sell the extra products I'm a huge
proponent of hot dogs actually and it is
the best tasting meat as well so the
basic is basically women dinner date I
mean this is probably sort of like a
crazy thing to say but I've never gonna
untag rate inner date to Mastro's cows
like
[Music]
it's probably instead I'm not a vegan
during this time trying kind
[Music]